Durable state projection (#564)
akka/akka-projection: docs/src/main/paradox/durable-state.md

> # State changes from Akka Persistence State

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# State changes from Akka Persistence Durable State
```

Let's use `Durable State` consistently.

> A typical source for Projections is changes stored with @apidoc[DurableStateBehavior$] in [Akka Persistence](https://doc.akka.io/docs/akka/current/typed/persistence-durable-state.html). Durable state changes can be [tagged](https://doc.akka.io/docs/akka/current/typed/persistence-durable-state.html#tagging) and then

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A typical source for Projections are changes stored with @apidoc[DurableStateBehavior$] in [Akka Persistence](https://doc.akka.io/docs/akka/current/typed/persistence-durable-state.html). Durable state changes can be [tagged](https://doc.akka.io/docs/akka/current/typed/persistence-durable-state.html#tagging) and then
```

> A typical source for Projections is changes stored with @apidoc[DurableStateBehavior$] in [Akka Persistence](https://doc.akka.io/docs/akka/current/typed/persistence-durable-state.html). Durable state changes can be [tagged](https://doc.akka.io/docs/akka/current/typed/persistence-durable-state.html#tagging) and then

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A typical source for Projections is the change stored with @apidoc[DurableStateBehavior$] in [Akka Persistence](https://doc.akka.io/docs/akka/current/typed/persistence-durable-state.html). Durable state changes can be [tagged](https://doc.akka.io/docs/akka/current/typed/persistence-durable-state.html#tagging) and then
```

consumed with the [changes query](https://doc.akka.io/docs/akka/current/persistence-query-durable-state.html#using-query-with-akka-projections).

Akka Projections has integration with `changes`, which is described here. 

## Dependencies

> To use the Durable State module of Akka Projections add the following dependency in your project:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To use the Durable State module of Akka Projections, add the following dependency in your project:
```

@@dependency [sbt,Maven,Gradle] {
  group=com.lightbend.akka
  artifact=akka-projection-state_$scala.binary.version$
  version=$project.version$
}

> Akka Projections require Akka $akka.version$ or later, see @ref:[Akka version](overview.md#akka-version).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Akka Projections requires Akka $akka.version$ or later, see @ref:[Akka version](overview.md#akka-version).
```

@@project-info{ projectId="akka-projection-state" }

### Transitive dependencies

> The table below shows `akka-projection-state`'s direct dependencies and the second tab shows all libraries it depends on transitively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The table below shows `akka-projection-durable-state`'s direct dependencies and the second tab shows all libraries it depends on transitively.
```

> The table below shows `akka-projection-durable-state`'s direct dependencies and the second tab shows all libraries it depends on transitively.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The table below shows the `akka-projection-durable-state` direct dependencies.The second tab shows all libraries it depends on transitively.
```

@@dependencies{ projectId="akka-projection-state" }

## SourceProvider for changesByTag

A @apidoc[SourceProvider] defines the source of the event envelopes that the `Projection` will process. A `SourceProvider`
for the `changes` query can be defined with the @apidoc[DurableStateStoreProvider$] like this:

> 

Reviewer: The naming of `changes` (in the Persistence API)  VS `changesByTag` in the projections API is so confusing... </rant>

Author: +1

Scala
:  @@snip [DurableStateStoreDocExample.scala](/examples/src/test/scala/docs/state/DurableStateStoreDocExample.scala) { #imports #sourceProvider }

Java
:  @@snip [DurableStateStoreDocExample.java](/examples/src/test/java/jdocs/state/DurableStateStoreDocExample.java) { #imports #sourceProvider }

This example is using the [DurableStateStore JDBC plugin for Akka Persistence](https://doc.akka.io/docs/akka-persistence-jdbc/current/durable-state-store.html).

> You will use the same plugin as you have configured for the write side that is used by the `DurableStateBehavior`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You will use the same plugin that you configured for the write side. The one that is used by the `DurableStateBehavior`.
```

> This source is consuming all changes from the `Account` `DurableStateBehavior` that are tagged with `"bank-accounts-1"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This source is consuming all changes from the `Account` `DurableStateBehavior` that are tagged with `"bank-accounts-1"`. In a production application you would need to start as many instances as different tags you used so you consume the changes in all entities.
```

> This source is consuming all changes from the `Account` `DurableStateBehavior` that are tagged with `"bank-accounts-1"`. In a production application you would need to start as many instances as different tags you used so you consume the changes in all entities.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This source is consuming all the changes from the `Account` `DurableStateBehavior` that are tagged with `"bank-accounts-1"`. In a production application, you would need to start as many instances as the number of different tags you used. That way you consume the changes in all entities.
```
